In the last video, I told you that we needed a load balancer service to somehow get traffic into all
of our different pods.
Now, it turns out that this entire idea of a load balancer service is a little bit more intricate than
at first glance.
So in this video, I want to clarify some terminology that you're going to see online.
And as a matter of fact, we're going to see very quickly around this load balancer service thing.
So when we talk about a load balancer service or as I've been mentioning it in the previous videos,
I'm really talking about two distinct things in the world of Kubernetes.
So first off, there is something in Kubernetes called a load balancer service.
There is something that is also very closely related that is referred to as ingress or an ingress controller.
Now, technically, an ingress and egress controller are two different things, but for the purposes
of this course, we're going to kind of refer to them with interchangeable terms.
A lot of the stuff I'm about to show you is kind of a very high level overview, and so I'm simplifying
some very specific parts of it to just make some parts a lot easier to understand, because having a
deep understanding of the behind the scenes stuff is super not critical right now.
You really just need a taste of what is going on.
It doesn't make a lot of sense to dive into the deep end at the very start because it's just way too
confusing.
All right, so what is this stuff?
A load balancer service is going to be something that tells Kubernetes or specifically our cluster to
reach out to its provider.
We'll talk about what that is in just a moment.
And provision a load balancer.
The goal of a load balancer service is to get traffic into a single pod.
On the other hand, an ingress or ingress controller, again, technically different things, but we're
going to use these terms interchangeably is a pod that has a set of routing rules in it that are going
to distribute traffic to other services inside of our cluster.
Now just looking at these definitions, not super useful.
So let's take a look at a diagram or two.
We're going to first focus on what a load balancer service really is.
All right.
So in this diagram.
We've got our cluster here in the blue box.
We're going to imagine that we are running one singular pod right here called some pod.
Our cluster at some point in time, not right now on our local machine, but at some point in time,
the future is going to be running on some cloud provider.
So maybe a Google Cloud Azure or something similar.
We are going to want to somehow get traffic or network requests from the outside world to some pod inside
of our cluster.
So how do we do that using a load balancer?
Well, we would create a config file for a load balancer service.
We would then feed that thing into our cluster using that same ETL apply command.
Now a load balancer service is a very special little thing.
Just about all the objects we've been discussing throughout this last section on Kubernetes so far has
been all about stuff that gets created directly inside of our cluster.
So we have created services inside the cluster, pods inside the cluster, deployments inside the cluster.
A load balancer service is a little bit different.
A load balancer service is going to tell our cluster to reach out to its cloud provider.
So reach out directly to AWS, Google Cloud or Azure and provision something called a load balancer.
This load balancer exists completely outside of our cluster.
It is a part of Google Cloud or AWS or Azure.
This load balancer is going to be used to take traffic from the outside world and direct it in to some
pod inside of our cluster.
So the goal of a load balancer or really I should say the goal of a load balancer service is to tell
our cluster to reach out to its provider provision, a load balancer with the goal of getting some traffic
into a pod on our cluster.
A load balancer by itself is not super useful for you and I right now.
Instead, what you and I really want to do is what we saw back in this diagram over here.
We want to get traffic distributed to a set of different pods and we want to have some routing rules
inside of something to decide where to send this traffic to.
One thing I want to mention really quickly is that our React application doesn't really want to have
to understand the difference between, say, the query pod and the comments pod in the post pod.
We don't want to have to encode that information inside the React app.
Instead, what would be great is if we can just say, make a request to this route and if there is something
over here around our cluster to figure out what pod that request should be forwarded to.
So the load balancer just by itself is not really doing the full thing for us.
It's not doing everything we need.
And that is where this idea of an ingress or ingress controller is going to come into play.
So the ingress or ingress controller is a pod that has a set of routing rules inside of it.
It's going to work alongside this load balancer service thing.
Let's take a look at a diagram to understand what this ingress is really doing.
Okay.
So in this diagram, very similar, we've got our cluster right here in the blue box.
It's being hosted with some cloud provider.
And we want to get some outside traffic into these set of different pods.
And these are different pods.
So it might be, say, the posts, comments, query, whatever else.
So we are going to have a request coming in still to a load balancer that has been provisioned with
our cloud provider.
But now this load balancer is going to send that request on to this ingress controller thing.
And this ingress controller is going to have a set of routing rules inside of it.
This route, when I use the term routing rules, by the way, I'm really just saying this ingress controller
is going to look at the path of the incoming request and then decide based upon that path whether to
send the request on to that pod or that pod or that pod or whatever else.
And actually, when I say send the request on to some pod, I'm really meaning to say send it to some
cluster IP service that is sending request on to the pod.
So I'm not showing the cluster IP services in here.
They technically do exist.
But for the purposes of this diagram, I'm just saying we're going to send traffic on to the pod.
So that is the relationship between this load balancer thing and this ingress controller thing.
The load balancer is just about getting traffic into our cluster.
This ingress thing is about routing rules or having some routing configuration that's going to send
requests off to the appropriate pod.
Now I want to repeat once again that I am simplifying some aspects of this just to make this a little
bit easier to understand.
In the first go round, if we went in full depth, tried to really understand all the behind the scenes
stuff, it would take a lot of time and just not be a very efficient use of time.
So effectively, this is good enough for what we need to do.
All right.
So we're going to take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to take a look at a very specific implementation of
an ingress controller that we're going to use inside of our app and we'll start to implement this thing
inside of our cluster.